Summarize the project and what problem it was solving.

- The purpose of this project was to create a program that would read strings of grocery item names from an inventory file and allow a user to choose from four menu options that allow them to view this data in different forms. After reading these names from the file, the program would add these items to a set and search for repeated items, incrementing the items as they are added.  This creates a list of each item and its quantity, which is stored in the set and backed up in a new data file. The user is then shown a menu with four choices: View a particular item's quantity, view all the items and their quantities, view this data as a histogram, or exit the program. This would enable a user to track grocery items from a file in order to inventory these items for later use, such as ordering more of a particular item. Since items are added to the list as they are purchased, a program was needed to organize them by name and quantity. 

What did you do particularly well?

- I did well working through the code for this project and developing the switch/case for the four menu choices. This took some troubleshooting and depended on how well I was able to set up the coded needed to read and add items to the set.  I created a functional code that was also object orientated, organizing my code in the GroceryItem class and keeping the main class free of unnecessary code.
 
Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on?

- There are a few changes I could make to enhance my code. I could have created another function that contains the menu choices and the switch/case that could be called by main which would create even more abstraction of my code and clean up main a bit more.  I could have also done better commenting on my methods, so that is clear what every method does, even those that may seem obvious to myself as the developer.  Finally, I could have implemented a password or login so that only certain people can access the system, keeping the data secure. 

Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network?

- This project was challenging overall, but the most difficult code to write was the code I needed to read the items from the file to the set, check for repeated names, and increment the item quantity if the name was found. I used pointers and had many failed attempts trying to point to the correct object. After some help from my professor, I realized that my pointer was in my if statement, so that it was not visible to the rest of the loop. Making one small change to the code by removing the pointer here and keeping it outside of the if statement was all that I needed to get my code to function properly.  I have also found that using web resources such as CPlusPlus.com and W3Schools.com are nice to get examples of using different techniques from reliable resources. 

What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work?

- I believe there are many skills I have learned through the creation of this project that will transfer to other course work. I have a much better understanding of pointers, which are essential to use in C++ programming.  I also have learned how to create classes, and methods within these classes that can be called by the main method.  I have a deeper understanding of how methods are connected, and how to access private member variables using pointers. Finally, the creation of a program with menu options that requires input validation is a skill that is applicable to many types of programs I could design in the future. Most of the websites, applications I currently use ask the user to enter choices and validate that input before there are able to access the application. I am excited to continue to develop my skills using C++ and transfer these skills to other programming languages. 

How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable?

- The GroceryItem program was designed to be maintainable though the use of code that reads from a file and writes to a backup file. This allows the use to import any file to be read, but does not allow the user to modify the original file using the methods provided.  Any items added to the original inventory.txt file will be added to the set when the program is run so that the user only needs to make changes in one location. Also, I used a switch/case for the menu choices, so that if more choices needed to be added at a later day, one can simply add a new case rather than having to use an if/else statement. The program is readable due to my inline comments, descriptions of the method as well as the simplicity of the main function. The adaptablility of this code comes from the use of the set, which can read and increment any types of strings that are found in a file, not just grocery items.  This same process can be used to count items in files, such as songs, grades, animals, or any other item. The user could also add a method to calculate averages, or display the data in other formats. Overall, the code used to create this project can be reused in many instances and modified as needed by the user. 
